Documentation (#19)
DevOps-MBSE/rest-api: docs/source/project_documentation/home_page_index.rst

==========================
Architecture-as-Code (AaC)
==========================

> Get started now by reading the AaC User Guide `Getting Started <./project_documentation/user_guide/index.html>`_ Documentation.

Reviewer: Wooo copy paste issues for the win between changes to this entry. 

```suggestion
Get started now by reading the AaC User Guide `Getting Started <https://arch-as-code.org/project_documentation/user_guide/getting_started.html>`_ Documentation.
```

> Get started now by reading the `AaC User Guide Documentation <https://arch-as-code.org/project_documentation/user_guide/index.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get started now by reading the AaC User Guide `Getting Started <./project_documentation/user_guide/index.html>`_ Documentation.

```

> `View it on GitHub <https://github.com/DevOps-MBSE/AaC>`_ and walk through the code base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`View AaC Core on GitHub <https://github.com/DevOps-MBSE/AaC>`_ and walk through the code base.
```

can verify syntax and patterns, generate code and produce static reports.

The entire AaC product is extensible.  AaC is purposefully small.  Additional functionality is achieved through installing plugins.
The plugin architecture allows you choice of functionality so you can use only the features you want.

The Graphical User Interface
----------------------------

AaC has a backlog item to create a GUI, but it has not yet been built.  We are currently performing interviews
with stakeholders to determine the best way to provide them value quickly.  Stay tuned for new releases.

AaC is Extensible
-----------------

AaC is designed with extensibility in mind.  The built-in functionality is intentionally minimized.
AaC uses a plug-in system to extend the base capability.  To further simplify this, AaC includes a
built-in command to generate new plugins from an AaC plugin model.  Our own built-in plugins are developed
using this methodology, so you can see examples in the GitHub repo.

We have intentionally reduced the number of built-in plugins and transitioned them to separate repositories.

> We want users to have more control over what AaC functionallity they utilize (i.e. opt-in) rather than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want users to have more control over what AaC functionality they utilize (i.e. opt-in) rather than
```

put a bunch of stuff in the default installation that you may not want or need.  As we evolve AaC, you can look for
our extensions in the `DevOps-MBSE GitHub Organization <https://github.com/orgs/DevOps-MBSE/repositories>`_.

About the project
=================

.. include:: <isonum.txt>

> Architecture-as-Code (AaC) is |copy| 2021-present by AaC Project Contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Architecture-as-Code (AaC) and its plugins are |copy| 2021-present by AaC Project Contributors.
```

License
-------

> Arcitecture-as-Code REST-API is distributed by an `MIT license <https://github.com/DevOps-MBSE/rest-api/blob/main/LICENSE>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Architecture-as-Code and its plugins are distributed under an `MIT license <https://github.com/DevOps-MBSE/rest-api?tab=MIT-1-ov-file>`_.
```

Contributing
------------

> When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue or discussion topic with the owners of this repository before making a change. Read more about becoming a contributor on `GitHub contributions <https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs#contributing>`_ and see our `current contribution status <https://github.com/jondavid-black/rest-api#note-to-contributors>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue or discussion topic with the owners of this repository before making a change. Read more about becoming a contributor on `GitHub contributions <https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs#contributing>`_ and see our `current contribution status <https://github.com/DevOps-MBSE/rest-api?tab=coc-ov-file#note-to-contributors>`_.
```

> *Thank you to the contributors of Architecture-as-Code!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Thank you to the contributors of Architecture-as-Code REST-API!*
```

.. contributors:: DevOps-MBSE/rest-api
    :avatars:
    :order: ASC

Code of Conduct
---------------

> Architecture-as-Code is committed to fostering a welcoming community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Architecture-as-Code team is committed to fostering a welcoming community.
```

> `View our Code of Conduct <https://github.com/DevOps-MBSE/rest-api/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md>`_ on our GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`View our Code of Conduct <https://github.com/DevOps-MBSE/rest-api?tab=coc-ov-file>`_ on our GitHub repository.
```

==========================
Architecture-as-Code (AaC)
==========================

> Get started now by reading the `User Guide Documentation <./project_documentation/user_guide/index.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get started now by reading the AaC User Guide `Getting Started <./project_documentation/user_guide/index.html>`_ Documentation.

```

The link referencing at the end of this would not work. You would need to update it to the actual website documentation link.

with stakeholders to determine the best way to provide them value quickly.  Stay tuned for new releases.

AaC is Extensible
-----------------

AaC is designed with extensibility in mind.  The built-in functionality is intentionally minimized.
AaC uses a plug-in system to extend the base capability.  To further simplify this, AaC includes a
built-in command to generate new plugins from an AaC plugin model.  Our own built-in plugins are developed
using this methodology, so you can see examples in the GitHub repo.

We have intentionally reduced the number of built-in plugins and transitioned them to separate repositories.
We want users to have more control over what AaC functionallity they utilize (i.e. opt-in) rather than
put a bunch of stuff in the default installation that you may not want or need.  As we evolve AaC, you can look for
our extensions in the `DevOps-MBSE GitHub Organization <https://github.com/orgs/DevOps-MBSE/repositories>`_.

About the project
=================

.. include:: <isonum.txt>

Architecture-as-Code (AaC) is |copy| 2021-present by AaC Project Contributors.

> License
> -------
> 
> Arcitecture-as-Code is distributed by an `MIT license <https://github.com/DevOps-MBSE/AaC/blob/main/LICENSE>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
License
-------

Arcitecture-as-Code REST-API is distributed by an `MIT license <https://github.com/DevOps-MBSE/AaC/blob/main/LICENSE>`_.

```

Update to this repo's license link.

Contributing
------------

> When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue or discussion topic with the owners of this repository before making a change. Read more about becoming a contributor on `GitHub contributions <https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs#contributing>`_ and see our `current contribution status <https://github.com/jondavid-black/AaC#note-to-contributors>`_.

Reviewer: Need to update that last link to be to the rest-api repo contributor note that we added to be inherited from the org level.

*Thank you to the contributors of Architecture-as-Code!*

> .. contributors:: DevOps-MBSE/AaC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. contributors:: DevOps-MBSE/rest-api

```

    :avatars:
    :order: ASC

Code of Conduct
---------------

Architecture-as-Code is committed to fostering a welcoming community.

> `View our Code of Conduct <https://github.com/DevOps-MBSE/AaC/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md>`_ on our GitHub repository.

Reviewer: Update link to rest-api repo file.
